Small improvement to Result example (#90)
arthurfiorette/proposal-try-operator: README.md

</summary>

```js
// wraps the result of `something()` in a Result
const a = try something()

// Result is iterable
const [ok, err, val] = try something()

// Result still is iterable
const [[ok, err, val]] = [try something()]

// Result[]
array.map(fn => try fn())

// yields Result
yield try something()

> // Result<T> where T is return type of iterator().next()

Reviewer: This should be the argument, not the return type.

```suggestion
// Result<T> where T is the argument of iterator().next(arg: T)
```

> // Result<T> where T is return type of iterator().next()
> try yield something()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Result<T> where T is the argument of iterator().next(arg: T)
try yield something()
```
